same thing I want you to hold it up
you're going to cut in the inner part of
the side and you're just going to let
gravity pull up wait that skin right on
down to the table
pull it cut simple once you get to this
stage and you have my approval then I
want you to wrap it up and put it in the
refrigerator or put it on ice these get
warm very quickly and you cannot work
with it when it's warm okay so at that
point where to go and we're going to
trim some of the obvious stuff that
needs to go but we don't want to eat
any extra white or you know yellow fat
that we want to get rid of take the time
take it out of there gently don't cut
the skin all of this up here it needs to
go without cutting the surface of the
skin itself this is all extra gel that
needs to happen need to get out of here
same thing with the opposite side
okay so basically at this point I'm
going to this will be my landing area
here so one thing you need to know when
you do the valentin i'm showing is it's
kind of like doing sushi you have to
have no ordinary this has to be skin to
skin or it doesn't connect then you're
going to go here take out some of this
yellow fat
chickens are not the quality that i was
hoping they'll be okay I've seen worse
but they're not as perfect as I've been
fighting for okay so for the most part
we're going to leave it pretty much like
that but anything that's just ridiculous
you want to get rid of
you're going to work with your skin one
more time when it's nice and cold it's a
very important part of this whole thing
so I'm going to wrap it up get it on the
ice well they're just most precious with
you just isn't as good a quality green
them you know chicken is such a it's
such a strange scary thing these days